hey guys this is nam tarro and welcome
to episode one of league in the fast
lane league in the fast lane is a series
in which i'll be giving short concise
guides on various topics in the gov
legends ranging from champions to ward
placement today i'm going to show you a
basic guide to playing re the nine
tailed fox re is widely considered one
of the best AP carries due to her insane
amounts mobility and sustained damage
the mobility of our ultimate is
unparalleled and mixer a valuable asset
to any team fight most people run a
fairly standard 2109 build on re switch
the video to full screen to see specific
masteries to spec into when it comes to
runes a good setup is magic penetration
Reds men are regen yellows and ability
power or ability power per level blues
quintessences are usually a matter of
personal preference but ability power
health or movement speed quints are
always a safe bet already has a pretty
unchanging in simple build it's
imperative that you start with boots and
potions this gift sorry the mobility she
needs for the laning phase as she has a
low based movement of 305 starting with
a Doran's ring on re isn't a good idea
in 99 percent of the time as it leaves
you easily gang cable and with no
significant amount of sustained in terms
of items grabbing to Doran's ring once
you go back will help you immensely
during laning phase don't forget to also
grab bars and health potions as you see
fit in most situations you want to work
towards obtaining a rylai's crystal
staff first this item synergizes was
already kits so well and allows her to
have even more control over fights for
example popping your w as you run away
from an enemy will slow them if you have
a ride lies which can save your life in
many situations the only other item i
recommend building first is an abyssal
scepter and this item is mostly useful
against a peak areas that are dominating
you our enemy compositions that consist
of a lot of AP champions with the
release of diana the epistle scepter has
become a much more viable item for AP
carries in my opinion as it reduces the
viability of our ganks after you get
your first core item it's a good idea to
build hextech revolver for more sustain
its circumstantial whether or not to
immediately build the revolver into a
will of ancients or to wait until later
in the game to do so at this point in
the game acquiring a rabid on steth cap
is a good idea is that vastly increases
your damage output a void staff is also
necessary for enemy compositions that
magic resistant however it's not
necessary if you've build an abyssal
scepter the items thus far are
essentially your core items beyond these
the items you build are entirely
situational a couple possible choices
are a zhonya's hourglass a def fire
grasp a quick silver sash or a guardian
angel it's also important to buy elixirs
with extra money you get late game but
they can give you an edge in teamfights
and don't expire if you die begin with
your queue at level one for her ass and
sustain it's important to get your e
which is your charm at level two as I
can set you up for good harassment of
your enemy as well as ganks beyond that
max Tuerk you first as you level
followed by your W and then your e orb
of deception has a low mana cost so it's
a good idea to her ass with it often
also using your cue often will result in
your passive being active more often
which in turn gives you more sustained
during laning phase Artie's all has a
fairly low cooldown don't be afraid to
use it to catch somebody who
overextended that's what it's for
already generally isn't a hyper carry it
isn't your job as her to run into the
midst of a fight and focused on it carry
you roll as more so to whittle down the
HP of various enemy team members to
catch them out of position running into
a middle of a teamfight when it starts
will only get you killed in summary re
has a very strong ap carry that rarely
gets been and can be essential and
carrying a team to victory she's hard to
master but if played effectively can
outplay most other mid lane champions
thanks so much for watching the first
episode of league in the fast lane I
really hope you guys enjoyed it i'll see
you guys next time